Hello everyone and welcome to this letter.
I write this letter.
We're going to dig a little bit deeper and understand how convolution and the other networks work.
OK.
In the previous section we discussed how can we build one single neurone mathematically and we learn
how can we build a couple of neurones connected to each other is to build a very small artificial neural
network OK.
By building by building in different layers input layer in layers and out quickly.
OK.
All right.
Now to the fun part.
So what are we going to do here.
We're going open our neural network which is a kind of you know like we built before and this network
generates an output.
Okay.
And in our specific example we have a tolga class zero indicates not smiling.
That means that the you know the image that's fed to the network generates a label of zero indicates
that that person or that image is not smiling at the moment.
One indicates Smiley.
Right.
Okay.
So simply put what we could do here which is you know what kind of make sense.
Why don't we just take all these images that we had in here which is a taining data.
Just put them and feed them directly to our network or our input here to generate our of the class.
OK.
Why don't we do this.
Simply put the network performance we're going to be terrible.
We are kind of allowed to do you can do it.
But you know with the performance would be terrible.
All right.
And that's why we need one of convolution and you got a network.
We need something to be done here.
OK.
To extract all quality features out of these images which is you know very important concept.
I'm going to be discussing great now if so will quality feature detection or feature detectors.
Let's take a look.
So again what we're discussing here is I wanted to build a specific type of fission you're a network
vehicle convolution and you get a network which is really powerful in image classification would feature
detection.
So let's see how can we build our fission Confucianism network from scratch.
So what happened is what we do with that we take our images which is again a bunch of smiley or none
smiling faces.
We pass these images to what we call a layered so called convolution and they key.
So when you see convolution layered that means just a bunch think of it as a bunch of filters.
OK.
I'm going to discuss what they mean by crinolines what they mean by feature detectors in the next in
the next lecture.
He'd have want to give you an idea of the overall network and then going to dig a little bit deeper
into different layers to understand what do you mean by each one on its own.
So I can see here convolution that where it consists first of all the collet kernels or feature detectors
layer.
Okay.
Simply put.
What happens is we apply these feature detectors on our image to detect or to pain specific layers of
specific features out of this image.
OK.
And what we do afterwards we use what we call the pooling layer.
Okay this pulling layer objective is to simply reduce the size of these features into a smaller size.
Okay.
And after we do this afternoon do the max pooling layer or the pulling layer we flatten of this basically
images into a certain kind of you know like one single layer and that will be ready to be fed or to
be imported to our fissioning or network which are simple fishing you know that we discussed before
in the past this network by the way is well fully connected are efficient your network.
OK.
I still don't understand this might seem like a token like a little bit overwhelming but all what I
wanted to do here the one understand here is that we can not use it fully connected artificial neural
networks here to just classify images.
OK what we need to do with that.
We need to pain or to apply certain confusion and layers beforehand okay.
We need to apply a convolution or feature detectors layer.
I'm going to discuss that in a lot more details in the future in future next lecture.
And then what you will call a pooling or Max pruning layer that three deuces.
This basically features into smaller values that we can feed directly to our network then them can use
it to classify the image into either smiling or smiling.
OK.
All right.
Again if you guys are not following over all don't worry about it here there's just a quick overview
of all how it came from China and what works in the next election.
We're going to dig a little bit deeper into what you mean by this layer.
What do you mean by next late next pulling or pulling and what they mean by flattening.
And then we're going to go ahead to shoot in our book and start coding right away.
I hope you guys enjoy their lecture and see you in the next lecture.